Okay, question 8.
Match the caching directives
to their definitions.
So we have no-cache, must-revalidate,
no-store, private, and
stale-while-revalidate.
And then we have one validates a stale
response with the origin server
before using it.
Two, serves stale content while
validating the cached response with
the origin server.
Three, doesn't cache any part
of the request or response.
Four, validates the cached resource with
the origin server before using it even
if it is still fresh, and five,
prevents caching on shared caches.
All right, let's see what the answer is.
So we have A, no-cache validates a cache
response with the origin server before
using it, even if it's still fresh.
Must-revalidate validates is still
responds with the origin server before
using it.
No-store doesn't cache any part
of the request or response.
Private prevents caching on shared caches.
And stale-while-revalidate
serves stale content,
while validating the cache
response with the origin server.
So let's first go to no cache.
So first, when we make that initial
request, there's nothing cached yet.
We get it from the origin server, and
then it gets cached in a private cache,
like browser cache.
You can see that in most cases, a server
will also return something called an ETag.
This is a unique identifier that tells,
okay,
this resource has this unique identifier.
And this is important for the future, if
we ever update that resource, if we change
any of the contents, it'll have a
different hash, it'll have different ETag.
But caches can use this to ensure
that what they have cashed is
still the most up-to-date resource.
So with no-cache, it's fresh now,
the response can get returned to
the client after making that request.
So now the next time we request it,
it won't just get it from cache instantly,
it'll first make sure
with the origin server.
Hey, I have this cached version with
the if-non match, this is my ETag,
is that stale valid?
Is that stale the most
up-to-date resource?
And then the server can just quickly
respond with the 304 not modified.
It's like, yeah, this is fine, you still
have the most up-to-date resource.
So this is of course much faster cuz it
doesn't have to do actually download that
resource, it just responds
with that header.
Now, if we update the resource, different
ETag is like, hey, I have this one,
then servers are like, no,
no, you should get a new one.
It'll return a cache control
again with a no-cache.
New ETag, and it updates the cache,
so that's no-cache.
So that's important to remember because
no-cache doesn't mean that it's not
caching despite its kind of I
don't know the deceptive name.
It just means that it will always make a
request to the origin server first before
using the cached version.
So then we have the most-revalidate.
So again, we just make that
request to the origin server.
And here you can see the master validate
cache control and also a max age,
which is usually included.
So the max age does defines how
long a resource is fresh for,
like fresh in the cache.
So now when after ten seconds it
becomes stale, and the cache says,
it's like hey it's stale, sorry I
shouldn't have removed those things.
But anyway, when it's stale,
it makes another request to the origin
server to update that resource.
I think it's kind of the most
straightforward caching policy.
So now if we update it,
we still have the max age of ten.
So it's still fresh, even though the ETag
in the cache doesn't match the ETag on
the server, but
it's still fresh in the cache.
So I can still just use that response.
And only when it then becomes stale again
will it make that make a request again and
update the resource in cache?
This makes more sense when we always
talk about the stale while revalidate.
So yeah, but then we have the no store,
which is very easy,
it doesn't cache any part.
This is perfect for private data,
maybe some financial data,
anything that's user specific,
sensitive data that
shouldn't get cached or
should have the no-store policy.
And then we have private,
which prevents caching on shared caches.
So this kinda makes more sense when
we also have a CDN in between, right?
So normally,
a CDN might I'd intercept the response and
just cache it on their servers as well.
With private,
we can make sure that that doesn't happen.
It only caches it on
the user's HTTP cache.
And this is perfect for user-specific
data, like maybe some dashboard or
anything that could be user-specific,
not shared with multiple users, or
should get the private policy.
And then lastly, we have the still while
revalidate, which serves the stale content
while validating the cache
response with the origin server.
So it's a bit similar
to the must revalidate.
So we first get that,
responding it with the max age, and
then the still while revalidate, I'll talk
more about these numbers a bit later.
But now the response is still, and
where they must revalidate wouldn't
return the still response.
This one does, it returns that still
response first, but in the background
it makes a request to the origin
server to revalidate that resource.
In this case it wasn't modified,
but it will still like update
the cache now to be fresh again
because it has a new max age value, so
this is perfect because the user
doesn't really see that.
It just gets that stale resource
back while that server updates
the cache response.
And this is different
from the must-revalidate,
where the user might see some latency
because it first had to request the fresh
resource from the origin server again.
So this is perfect for content where
you don't really care if it's stale,
like maybe some blog post or something.
And it's, okay, well this typo is fine,
people can still see that typo for
once, but maybe the next time they
refresh the page you know that.
The browser has updated that resource
in its cache in the background.
Yeah, so stale-while-revalidate,
it's basically,
you normally have like the next age.
So that is the age that
the content is still fresh, and
then we have the stale
-while-revalidate period.
And that's essentially the period
where we tell the browser like, hey,
this is the time after
max age has expired,
that it's still okay to
use that stale resource.
Cuz if it's been stale for a year,
we don't wanna use that stale resource,
then it should instantly make
a request to the origin.
But if it's been stale for 30 seconds,
and we're that's fine, that's doable.
Anything after that,
then don't serve the stale response,
then just fetch it from
the origin right away.
So in that case, it's kind of more
of like a must-revalidate policy.
>> Does it send hash of
the current cached data to do
their validation before caching?
>> I think maybe what you're
asking is if it hasn't updated,
will it send the hash again?
Well, in this case, it has updated.
Well, even if it sends a 304 not modified,
it will usually still send that ETag,
and also it will send the cache
control headers again.
So it will again have that max age,
which refreshes
the response that's already
in cache to be fresh again,
even if it was still prior
to sending that request.
>> So this question is related to how
the browser actually validates the cache?
>> I'm not sure about the algorithm,
if that's what you're asking with ETag.
I was just trying to get that.
I hear the if non-match, right?
Yeah, that's a response,
[LAUGH] or a request header.
So it's just like the server kind of,
sorry, I'm trying to get that arrow again.
Okay, there we go.
Okay, cool, so the request header
contains the if none match,
and it's up to the server
to then see like, okay,
well that's not the ETag that I
currently have for that resource.
So it's not really up to the browser
to do anything with that.
It's up to the server to then decide,
now I'm going to serve new content
instead of returning a 304 not modified,
I'm going to return to 200, okay,
with the actual resource as a response.
I hope that answers the question?
I'm not sure what the browser
does internally to then change
the hashes within the HTTP cache,
that's some internal browser.
>> Yeah, thanks, I got it.
ETag is a unique value like a hash?
>> Yeah, that's the hash of the resource.
So anytime you change anything in the
document, it will return a different hash.